Server|This is a place to discuss recent events, suggest new contracts and request clarification on status reports. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SUGGEST NEW CONTRACTS!!!
bleehu|We should think of a name for the new town created by &quot;Strengthen Settlement.&quot; There's also a couple of buildings I'd like to see built...
tenseboy|vampire hunting in he unclaimed area just south west of tychicus must be at night cause that when the vamps come out
kol111|If we have trouble traveling steads or even other means of transportation would be useful
bleehu|Niko, The Guild of Heroes has several means of traveling long distances. You're not the only one who hasn't seen all of the tools at your disposal. But read the site carefully. Little goodies are all around. For instance, did you know that the guild has more than a hundred thousand gold to spend? But back on the topic of steeds; plenty of contracts could be made acquiring or improving our current transport situation. What did you have in mind?
kol111|i was thinking either something powered by magic without the use of horses to pull it or something for traveling up like daniel said would be useful for the north. windscrew maybe?
bleehu|You gotta do your reading! We already have that!
assailant|bleehu, what buildings do u want to see built?
bleehu|I think we should build a Temple Of The Lord, which would serve as a hub for friendly clerics, monks, and prophets. It could also serve as a tool for DMs to give out quests and would serve as a symbol in our country. I think we should also build a theater (perhaps in the new unnamed town?) to serve as a hub for bards and the like =)
assailant|Could u give us an estimate for how much each of those buildings would costs?  Also, would any of those buildings bring in any revenue?
danandrereed|Small buildings will cost about 1000 GP. Bigger buildings will be on a case by case basis.
danandrereed|The Temple Of The Lord will cost 8000 to build, and while it will maintain itself with offerings from the public, it will not profit.  It will however give you free healing when you are in town.  The Theater you cannot build directly, but there might be a contract created for that for month 10, I'll work out the details for how to build commerce buildings like that over the next few weeks.
assailant|Ok daniel.  thanks for explaining that.
masterdiekillsu|We should save for the temple. That going to take awhile. 
assailant|We make net income of 15000 G per month.  We have enough money  to build it now
assailant|also, we have 120000 G right now
bleehu|The new construction projects will be contracts for month 10.
masterdiekillsu|Oh wow really? That's awesome! I think some confirming on what we have finachial wise should be needed just in case. Like do we have a good bank, is the method a money that we are gaining secure enough, and what to do when spending it, and how it should be spent. Also, a section for total money. 
assailant|we already do have a section for money.  click on the tychcicus link, and go to the city of ramoth.  this is where all my figures of money come from.
masterdiekillsu|What about gnomes gate?
assailant|I think we should send the warlock to the mages guild and the thief should go to the assassin's guild.
assailant|Can we also have a description of what the guy who is decent at everything could do, cause I think we should send him to the mines.
assailant|also, do we know what the magic of Harloh is yet?
masterdiekillsu|So when are the new records going to be posted?
bleehu|We're waiting on Daniel to explain the time-distorting magic of harloh.                    Nate, new records will come at the end of the in-game month, which should be about mid-February.
danandrereed|I will post about the Magic of Harloh (and do all the other updates I've delayed) tomorrow, I have set aside several hours for these tasks after my Japanese Test tomorrow afternoon. 
bleehu|Good luck on your test Daniel! Looking forward to reading the new updates!
danandrereed|Writing the updates now :)